Are you qualified as an unemployed vagrant?
Who says I'm not qualified?
When you were pursuing me
But I ate pickles for two whole months.
Just to buy a pair of Adidas
Now, in order to be in front of women
You really haven't changed at all.
Feng Ge
You chased her.
Goddess Kaiwei is both talented and beautiful
There were many boys pursuing her back then.
Unfortunately, Xia Xuehua didn't like any of them.
Men want to find a girl with real strength
You must open your eyes
He can't afford a 5 million house.
What if I could afford it?
If you can afford a house worth 5 million
I not only personally entertained
I also apologize to you
Didn't you always say you like me?
If you can afford our 30 million villa
Then I can satisfy any of your requirements.
Too bad you can't afford it
The campus beauty of Xia University who was out of reach
Nowadays, there is a dog-licking system at your fingertips
Then I'm welcome.
I bought this house worth 30 million
Mr. Wang, why are you here?
Manager Xia
Don't waste your time on this poor bastard.
I bought this villa, but
You just said you can agree to any request, right?
Who told you that my brother Feng is a poor guy?
This girl
Pretty eyes
It's the man's eyes.
That's really you
What do you mean?
Follow this pretty boy next to you
Can he buy you a good house?
You might as well follow Uncle Wang.
I can give you a luxury car and a luxury house.
You don't have to worry about this.
I can definitely give him a hundred times more than you can give.